Added note and links for statistics storage. (#245)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/monitoring-dashboards.adoc

* What impact do high traffic peaks have on the message fail rate?
* What impact do high traffic peaks of other apps running on the same server have on the performance of a given app?

[NOTE]

> After the worker is restarted, the CPU and memory information is not available in the dashboards. To retain these statistics, use the `dashboardStats` API. Alternatively, you can use Anypoint Monitoring with a Titanium subscription to store this data.

Reviewer: Will it be clear to your audience (or does it even matter) whether this is restarted/current information that is not available or historic/cumulative information? 
In the context of the previous text, focused on information available from the dashboards, I wonder if we should mention that before the condition of restarting a worker (a corner case), maybe using parallel wording instead of a Note?
```suggestion
The app monitoring dashboards cannot provide CPU and memory information if the worker is restarted. In this case, you either retain this information by using the `dashboardStats` API or by storing it using Anypoint Monitoring with a Titanium subscription.
```

== See Also

* xref:monitoring::index.adoc[Anypoint Monitoring Overview]

> * https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/portals/anypoint-platform/f1e97bc6-315a-4490-82a7-23abe036327a.anypoint-platform/cloudhub-api/1.0.11/console/method/%231708/[CloudHub API - dashboardStats]

Reviewer: Consider reworking topic titles so that they do not use punctuation (CloudHub API - dashboardStats).
